{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\plain\qc\f0\fs34\sa120 {\b Antoine Jaussoin}\par
\pard\plain\qc\f0\fs26\sa60 {\b Senior Full-Stack Engineer}\par
\pard\plain\qc\f0\fs22\sa220 {\i React / TypeScript / JavaScript / Node.js / .NET}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa40 {\b Email: }work@jaussoin.com\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa40 {\b Phone: }+44 77 22 55 77 39\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa40 {\b Website: }www.jaussoin.com\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa40 {\b Location: }London SW11 5QA\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs24\sb160\sa100 {\b PROFILE}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 I'm a Senior Full-Stack Engineer with extensive experience in the financial industry.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 I'm currently a Lead Engineer at Balyasny Asset Management, a global multi-strategy hedge fund, where I lead the Risk UI team. The team is responsible for several UI platforms, including Risk Hub, the firm's flagship risk management platform.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Previously, I was UI Tech Lead at Wayve, an autonomous driving company, where I led the UI team responsible for the company's interfaces, from the in-car tablet experience to drive analysis tools.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 I'm also the author of several open-source projects, including Retrospected (https://www.retrospected.com), an Agile retrospective platform.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs24\sb160\sa100 {\b EXPERIENCE}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Lead Engineer} | Balyasny Asset Management\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Permanent | Mar 2022 - Present}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }React, TypeScript, Styled Components, C#, TanStack Query, Docker / K8s\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Lead the Risk UI team responsible for Risk Hub and other applications used by BAM risk managers.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b UI Tech Lead} | Wayve\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Permanent | Jan 2020 - Mar 2022}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }React, TypeScript, Styled Components, Node, Docker / K8s, Python\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Led Wayve's UI team across vehicle and internal products, including a high-frequency in-car interface running at 60 fps.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Senior Front-End React Engineer} | Two Sigma\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Permanent | Mar 2017 - Jan 2020}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }React, TypeScript, Styled Components, Node.js\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Helped architect and later rewrite the Venn front end from JavaScript and Redux to TypeScript and modern React patterns.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Front Office / Front-End React Engineer} | Royal Bank of Scotland\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Contractor / Permanent | Jul 2012 - Mar 2017}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }React, Redux, AngularJS, Node.js\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Built trading tickets and analysis tools on Agile Markets using React, AngularJS, JavaScript, and Node.js services.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b ASP.NET MVC Front-End Developer} | Bank of America Merrill Lynch\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Contractor | Apr 2011 - Jun 2012}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }C#, NHibernate, ASP.NET MVC, ExtJS, jQuery, Moq, SQL Server\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Maintained a C# and ASP.NET MVC risk platform integrated with MSCI RiskMetrics and backed by a large automated test suite.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b ASP.NET MVC Front-End Developer} | Royal Bank of Scotland\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Contractor | Jan 2011 - Mar 2011}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }C#, NHibernate, MVC 3, ExtJS, AutoFac, SQL Server\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Built a new ASP.NET MVC and ExtJS HR platform to consolidate several RBS systems into one workflow.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Silverlight / C# Developer} | Royal Bank of Scotland\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Contractor | Mar 2010 - Dec 2010}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }Silverlight, C#, NHibernate, WCF, Autofac, SQL Server\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Built a global Silverlight and C# documentation platform used for contract management and netting calculations across RBS.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Front Office Developer, Derivatives} | Credit Suisse\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Full-Time, AVP | Nov 2009 - Mar 2010}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Improved an internal and client-facing derivatives trading platform built with ASP.NET and C#.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Full-Stack Developer, Architect} | BNP Paribas - FundQuest UK\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Full-Time | Jan 2007 - Nov 2009}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }ASP.NET, C#, NHibernate, MySQL\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Re-architected and built a quantitative analysis, document management, and trading platform for FundQuest UK.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b .NET Developer} | British Telecom PLC\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i London | Full-Time | Sept 2006 - Jan 2007}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }ASP.NET, C#, VB.NET, DotNetNuke\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Delivered the BT developer portal in ASP.NET and DotNetNuke within an Agile, CI-driven engineering team.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Full-Stack Developer} | Everydev\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i \u201?vreux (France) | Associate & Co-founder | Dec 2004 - Jul 2008}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }C#, WinForm, ASP.NET, MySQL\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Co-founded a software services company and built backup products, web systems, and client-server infrastructure in .NET.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Software Developer} | Intuition Informatique\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i \u201?vreux (France) | Internship | Nov 2003 - Dec 2004}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Technologies: }C#, MySQL\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Built a C# contract management application integrated with the company's ERP and used daily by operations staff.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs24\sb160\sa100 {\b EDUCATION}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Master (MSc) in Computer Science} | Supinfo Paris - Oxford Brookes University\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i Paris (2003-2005), Oxford (2005-2006) | Jun 2006}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Supinfo is a three-year engineering school leading to a European Master's degree in Computer Science.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 I spent the final year at Oxford Brookes University in the MSc Computer Science programme.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Cours Pr\u233?paratoires aux Grandes Ecoles} | Lyc\u233?e Richelieu - CPGE TSI\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i Rueil-Malmaison (France) | Jun 2003}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Math Sup / Math Spe prepares French students for the Grandes Ecoles, primarily in physics and mathematics.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b BAC STI (French A-Level) - With Honours} | Passy-Buzenval\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs20\sa30 {\i Rueil-Malmaison (France) | Jul 2001}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Completed a BAC STI at Passy-Buzenval in Rueil-Malmaison.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs24\sb160\sa100 {\b SKILLS}\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b React} | Expert | 11 years\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Related: }TanStack Query, Socket.IO, Vite, Vitest, Hooks, Recoil\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Deep React experience from early releases to modern state, data, and component patterns.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b TypeScript} | Expert | 9 years\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Related: }ESLint, Vite, Vitest\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Expert TypeScript for large codebases, typed APIs, and advanced type-system design.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b JavaScript} | Expert | 11 years\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Related: }React, Lodash, date-fns, Vitest, Prettier, ESLint\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Expert in modern JavaScript language features, async workflows, modules, and production tooling.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b HTML & CSS} | Expert | 15 years\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Related: }CSS Modules, SCSS/SASS, Styled Components, Emotion\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Expert in semantic HTML and modern CSS for responsive, component-driven user interfaces.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b Node.js / Bun} | Advanced | 11 years\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Related: }Create-React-App, Express\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Strong server-side JavaScript experience across Node eras, tooling, and front-end build workflows.\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs8\sa60 \par
\pard\plain\f0\fs23\sa30 {\b .NET} | Expert | 20 years\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs21\sa40 {\b Related: }dotnet core 10.0, C#, ASP.NET MVC, NHibernate, NUnit, MSpec, SQL Server\par
\pard\plain\f0\fs22\sa60 Deep .NET experience across C#, ASP.NET, ORMs, testing, and SQL Server in financial systems.\par
}